here's a great little router and of
course it isn't around anymore but I'll
tell you why I think it's great I was
given this router by Bosch back in 1989
when I wrote the incredible router and
amongst numerous routers from various
manufacturers that I featured in the
book and indeed in my later routing
videos this one stood out as being
particularly useful for single-handed
work what did I just mention okay today
health and safety people would probably
put you in jail for even thinking about
single-handed routing but I'd never ever
had an accident with a router in over 40
years
so I hope there's no law stating you
can't use a router with just one hand
now in my work I have four years
featured a tiny rated edge
I've never subscribed to the sharp edge
school of furniture making because I
make furniture to be used and the gentle
radius is not only practical but it's a
lovely visual touch of course if you're
making a trinket box you wouldn't use a
router but you'd soften the edge with
abrasive paper but I'm talking about
tables chairs kitchen furniture that
kind of thing now what's so easy about
this particular router and I've yet to
find another one quite so light and
comfortable to handle is that you simply
hold the work in one hand and run the
router set up with a bearing guided
cutter down the edge of the work held in
the other hand now whether you work
backwards or forwards doesn't really
matter because you're taking off a tiny
bit of stock and I like to skate the
router backwards and forwards until I
can feel through my hands that I've got
it smooth I find this method
significantly faster than conventional
routing but sadly you can hear no sound
as my little bosch router packed up a
few years ago but I refused to throw it
away as I think it's just a capacitor
gone and not the windings because it
suddenly stopped working but it was so
useful as I used to leave it set up with
Tiny's cutter to take the edge off all
my furniture so I better leave now and
get on to the phone to Robert Bosch and
see if they can help me out or I might
land up in jail for just using one hand
now when I was younger I used to do
one-armed handstand but curiously
although I'm left-handed I always use my
right arm for the hamster
you